# Introduction 
## The 7 ~ 11 ~ 12 model
Hello and Welcome to this course on Universal Consciousness.  

My name is [Douglas](https://douglas.life), and I’ll be taking you through what I call the **7-11-12 model** of universal structure and consciousness.

To evolve our collective understanding of consciousness, we must communicate using a common vocabulary.

With this goal in mind, We’re going to introduce three concepts in this course: **densities** of consciousness, which you may already be familiar with as densities of light, **dimensions**, which will be re-interpreted from superstring theory, and **matrices**, which are parallel versions of our universe.

This vocabulary has been jumbled in the past, leading to miscommunication and difficulty for any individual to form a complete picture of the universe in their mind.

While on my own journey, I came across several models of universal structure and consciousness. **The only one that satisfied my curiosity** was the densities of consciousness explanation coming from multiple channeled sources. From my favorite source, Matrices were also explained as the 12 complete parallel universes that make up our true universe.

When I combined this channeled model of Densities and Matrices with a re-interpretation of the 10 dimensional model found in superstring theory, I ended up with a model that allowed me to **understand, feel, and visualize all of creation**.

This understanding also helped me connect with higher consciousnesses. I found that when I visualized the structures while feeling immense love, I tapped into them, and started sharing information, from trees, to fungal networks, the earth and sun, and beyond.

**I believe global shifts happen at an individual and global level simultaneously.**

By equipping yourself with this information, you will know where to refocus your attention for the benefit of your **self**, the **collective**, and **Gaia**.

I am sharing this particular model with you because it is the **most complete and concise way I have found** to describe the universe.

I hope that with this information, you will open up to experience the power of love and connection at **even higher levels** than you do now.

I also hope that this model will satisfy those, like me, who seek the comfort of logic, as it clearly shows the structure of the oneness that we all are, without operating on assumptions.

I call this model of the universe the **7-11-12 model** for **7 dimensions**, **11 densities**, and **12 matrices** that are the fundamental components of our universe.

This 7-11-12 numbering includes just this universe. To include **all of creation** we would need **10 (or 9 + completion) dimensions** and **13 (or 12 + completion) densities**. We will go over all of these in this course, but I'll focus on the 7-11-12 model. 

*I will present this information in a logical way to the best of my abilities.*

After learning this model of universal consciousness, you will be able to understand and communicate phenomenon and experiences beyond modern scientific explanation, AND you will be able to translate information that may be using a different vocabulary into this model so you can better understand it, and communicate it with others.

This model will provide new perspectives on consciousness, re-incarnation, creation, and even the source of the one infinite creator.

Best of all, you will be able to use this information to expand your experience beyond what you have ever thought possible, to tap into the abundant love network holding the galaxy together. **To become an integral piece of Gaia, a galactic citizen, and a child of One.**

In the next lesson, we’ll go through the course structure and I’ll give you a quick overview of every single piece of the model.

**Let’s get started!**
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTYwMjk4MDIzMiwxNDMxNzQ2MzQzXX0=
-->